Add note about touchprobe wiring to electronics assembly (#77)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/milo/manual/chapters/100_assemble_electronics.md

    ![VFD Wiring diagram](../img/assemble_electronics/assemble_electronics_step_12_5.jpg)

!!! note

>     If you have a touchprobe you can connect it to one of the unused endstop connectors. Make sure to configure the endstop pin in RepRap firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have a touchprobe you can connect it to one of the unused endstop connectors. Make sure to configure the endstop pin in RepRapFirmware.
```
